>> Brian: Show you one more cool feature
about Jest that I like, npm run test, and
if I do --, anything that I put after
the -- will actually pass to Jest.
So I can put -- watch,
like that, and run it.
And it's actually gonna run Jest in
an interactive mode which I find to be
fascinating.
So I can just hit A, and
it'll rerun all the test again for me.
>> Brian: Or I can tell to,
only run some tests, right?
But it'll actually be file
watching all of my modules.
And if I change anything inside details,
it'll rerun the test because it knows that
the details test pulls in
the details module, right?
So, let's go make it fail again.
If I turn this to true.
Saved it.
Now, I have to go back over here and
it's going to say, hey,
that failed, right?
You get instant feedback that that failed.
And then, if I go back and change it
to false again, it goes, no, I'm happy.
So, it only runs the subset of tests that
could have possibly failed in the interim.
I don't know if any of you have enormous
test feats that take minutes to run.
This is a godsend for
those sorts of people, right?
Something else that just does
that's really intelligent,
it runs the last test to fail first.
So it'll actually run
your tests out of order,
because it wants to fail
as fast as possible.
Which I also find to be extremely useful.
So, let's go ahead and
add that to our pax.json as well.
>> Brian: So, we have test update here,
test : watch.
This is jest -- silent -- watch,
like that.
>> Brian: And now, you can just say,
mpm run test : watch,
and it puts you right into
that mode right away.